ash

high

# Price calculation is susceptible to flashloan exploits

## Summary
The code contains a vulnerability related to accessing the `slot0()` function of the Uniswap V3 pool contract within the `_initializeStrategy()` and `getSlots` function. This vulnerability exposes the contract to potential flashloan exploits, where an attacker can manipulate the pool parameters to exploit the system for their own benefit.

## Vulnerability Detail
The functions `_initializeStrategy` and `getSlots` retrieves the current state of the Uniswap V3 pool by accessing the `slot0()` function. This function returns important parameters such as currentSqrtRatioX96 and tick used for calculations and decision-making within the _initializeStrategy() function. 

`_initializeStrategy` and `getSlots` use the `slot0` to determine the number of tokens it has in it's position. [slot0](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v3/reference/core/interfaces/pool/IUniswapV3PoolState#slot0) is the most recent data point and can easily be manipulated.

Attackers can leverage flash swaps to borrow assets from the pool, manipulate the square root price through a series of trades, and then return the borrowed assets. This manipulation impacts subsequent price calculations, including those performed in the `_initializeStrategy()` function.

## Impact
The vulnerability allows potential attackers to manipulate the pool parameters, potentially leading to financial loss or other unintended consequences. If an attacker successfully exploits the flashloan vulnerability, they can perform malicious actions within the borrowed funds or sell the token at an unfair price. This could lead to users and protocol to loose money

## Code Snippet
solidity
(slots[i].currentSqrtRatioX96, slots[i].tick, , , , , ) = IUniswapV3Pool(
                uPool.poolAddress
            ).slot0(); //@audit slot 0

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/82a234a5c2c1fc1921c63265a9349b71d84675c4/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L272-L311

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/82a234a5c2c1fc1921c63265a9349b71d84675c4/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L589-L601

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use a TWAP instead of slot0.
