BugBusters

high

# Possible precision loss in `_getTicksForPosition` function

## Summary
The `_getTicksForPosition()` function contains a potential precision loss when performing the division operation `tick / tickSpacing`. This can lead to inaccurate results if the division does not yield an exact integer value.

## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
 function _getTicksForPosition(
        int24 tick,
        int24 positionRange,
        int24 tickSpacingOffset,
        int24 tickSpacing
    ) private pure returns (int24 lowerTick, int24 upperTick) {
        int24 floorTick = (tick / tickSpacing) * tickSpacing; //@audit precision loss
        if (tickSpacingOffset == 0) {
            lowerTick = floorTick - (positionRange - tickSpacing) / 2;
            upperTick = floorTick + (positionRange + tickSpacing) / 2;
        } else if (tickSpacingOffset > 0) {
            lowerTick = floorTick + tickSpacing * tickSpacingOffset;
            upperTick = lowerTick + positionRange;
        } else {
            upperTick = floorTick + tickSpacing * tickSpacingOffset;
            lowerTick = upperTick - positionRange;
        }
    }
```
The vulnerability is present in the line:
```solidity
int24 floorTick = (tick / tickSpacing) * tickSpacing; 
```
The vulnerability lies in the calculation of `floorTick` within the `_getTicksForPosition()` function. The division of `tick / tickSpacing` before multiplication can leads to a loss of precision. This loss of precision can affect the accuracy of the `floorTick` value and subsequently impact the calculated `lowerTick` and `upperTick`.

 `lowerTick` and `upperTick` are being used in the whole contract so due to the wrong calculation in the `_getTicksForPosition()` function it is very likely possible that whole contract will get rigged.

## Impact

If the values of `lowerTick` and `upperTick` are incorrect due to the precision loss, it can have several adverse effects on the functionality of the contract. Some potential impacts include:

1): Incorrect calculation of liquidity amounts: The incorrect tick values can lead to inaccurate liquidity calculations when depositing 
     tokens into the pool. This can result in users receiving incorrect amounts of LP tokens in return for their deposited tokens.
2): Incorrect fee calculations: The fees collected and distributed based on the liquidity amounts can be miscalculated, leading to 
     improper fee allocations within the contract.
3): Erroneous position key generation: The incorrect tick values can generate incorrect position keys, potentially leading to incorrect 
     position tracking or retrieval.

These issues can result in financial losses, incorrect token balances, inconsistent fee distributions, and overall incorrect behavior of the contract.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/82a234a5c2c1fc1921c63265a9349b71d84675c4/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L253-L270

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Do not divide before multiply
