BLACK-PANDA-REACH

medium

# Funds can be lost as compiler update issues on zkEra are not accounted for

## Summary

Contracts do not implement proxy pattern, not taking into account potential compatibility issues on zkEra network, which may cause loss of funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

As by [protocol documentation](https://docs.popsicle.finance/v/wagmi-1/our-mission):

> The initial implementation of the Wagmi protocol will take place on the ZKera mainnet

In [zkSync Era documentation](https://era.zksync.io/docs/reference/architecture/differences-with-ethereum.html#recommendations) it is recommended to use a proxy pattern when deploying contract on the network due to potential compiler bugs in the EVM support:

> While we have extensive test coverage to ensure EVM compatibility, issues may still appear. We will implement the patches for these in a timely manner.
> 
> In order to apply compiler bug fix, you need to upgrade your smart contract. We advise using the Proxy pattern for a few months after your first deployment on zkSync Era, even if you plan to migrate to the immutable contract in the future.

Contracts in scope do not use proxy pattern.

## Impact

Compiler bug fix applied on zkSync Era network can introduce unexpected behaviour in deployed contracts. As their implementations cannot be updated, if due to compiler bug fixed funds are locked or become inaccessible, they will be lost.

## Code Snippet
All contracts in scope
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/82a234a5c2c1fc1921c63265a9349b71d84675c4/concentrator/contracts/Factory.sol#L50-L56

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement proxy pattern in contracts deployed on zkSync Era.
