Viktor_Cortess

medium

# lpTokens left in a Dispatcher contract after withdrawal can cause an underflow during next deposits of the same User.

## Summary

When the user.shares value is greater than 0, the deposit function attempts to withdraw lpAmount from user.shares before depositing tokens. If user.shares is less than lpAmount, an underflow error will cause the transaction to revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

The deposit function utilizes two functions with seven different parameters to calculate the lpAmount to be withdrawn. The relevant code can be found in the following links:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Dispatcher.sol#L84-L98

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Dispatcher.sol#L140-L150

Based on the tests, one of the crucial parameters in this calculation is the amount of fees, which increases with the number of swaps. Without considering reserves, the more swaps occur (resulting in higher fees) and the larger the totalSupply, the greater the lpAmount to be withdrawn. This increases the risk of underflow in subsequent deposits. I have conducted tests using the test file to demonstrate this issue.



## Impact

The deposit function in the Dispatcher contract can become disabled for certain users who have not withdrawn all their funds in specific scenarios. Additionally, since the withdraw function utilizes the same formula, users may also encounter the same issue.

## Code Snippet

I want to emphasize that it is challenging to demonstrate an edge case with seven parameters that can change unpredictably. Furthermore, I did not find any information about the growth.accPerShare0 and user.feeDebt0 parameters. Therefore, I used current tests with totalSupply = 1e19 (close to the maximum) in the deposit and withdraw functions, and logged all data during calculations while adding more swaps to increase the amount of fees.

Changes in Dispatcher.sol for both deposit and withdraw functions:

    206: lpAmount = _estimateWithdrawalLp(reserve0, reserve1, 1e19/* _totalSupply */, fee0, fee1);

Test:

    it("dispatcher:should make a deposit successfully", async () => {

        
        let lpAmount = await multipoolERC20.balanceOf(bob.address);
        
        await multipoolERC20.connect(bob).approve(dispatcher.address, lpAmount);
        await dispatcher.connect(bob).deposit(0, lpAmount, deviationBP);

        expect(await multipoolERC20.balanceOf(dispatcher.address)).to.equal(lpAmount);
        expect((await dispatcher.userInfo(0, bob.address)).shares).to.equal(lpAmount);

        let lpAmountDispatcher = await multipoolERC20.balanceOf(dispatcher.address);
      
        let leftLp = lpAmountDispatcher.toNumber() - 100; //Left 100 wei of lpToken
        
        await dispatcher.connect(bob).withdraw(0, leftLp, deviationBP);

        
        
         const fees = [500, 3000, 10000];
        for (let i = 0; i < 3; i++) { //increasing amount of fees with swaps
            await simulateSwap(fees[i], ethers.utils.parseUnits("5000", 6));
            await simulateSwap(fees[i], ethers.utils.parseUnits("5000", 6));
            await simulateSwap(fees[i], ethers.utils.parseUnits("5000", 6));
            await simulateSwap(fees[i], ethers.utils.parseUnits("5000", 6));
            await simulateSwap(fees[i], ethers.utils.parseUnits("5000", 6));
        }

        await multipoolERC20.connect(bob).approve(dispatcher.address, lpAmount);
        await dispatcher.connect(bob).deposit(0, lpAmount, deviationBP); //Tried to deposit again and got an error:

Error: VM Exception while processing transaction: reverted with panic code 0x11 (Arithmetic operation underflowed or overflowed outside of an unchecked block)
    
    });



## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

As a web3 auditor, I understand that in order to address this problem for a specific user, they should withdraw all their funds first and then attempt to deposit the new amount of LP tokens. However, I believe that the risk of underflow still poses a problem.

To mitigate this issue, I recommend implementing the following change:

Place the following code block before the existing condition:

     if (amount > 0) {
            _pay(pool.multipool, msg.sender, address(this), amount);
            user.shares += amount;
        }

This change ensures that user.shares is incremented first before proceeding to the condition:

    if (user.shares > 0) {
    // Existing code
}

By implementing this modification, the increment of user.shares prior to the condition will help mitigate the risk of underflow in subsequent deposits.












