duc

high

# The fees are incorrectly updated in the `_deposit` and `_withdraw` functions, which allows the attacker to break the protocol fees

## Summary
In `_deposit` and `_withdraw` function of Multipool contract, `fee0` and `fee1` are calculated from the accrued fee amounts to update feeGrowth of contract and send the protocol fee to the owner. However, these calculations are incorrect and do not align with the collected fees from the positions. It allows attacker break the protocol fees.
## Vulnerability Detail
In function `withdraw`, all accrued fees from Uniswap V3 pool will be collected (`tokensOwed0After` and `tokensOwed1After`). However, `fee0` and `fee1` are updated by `tokensOwed0After - tokensOwed0Before` and `tokensOwed1After - tokensOwed1Before`.
```solidity=
///https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L509-L536
(, , , uint128 tokensOwed0Before, uint128 tokensOwed1Before) = IUniswapV3Pool(
    position.poolAddress
).positions(position.positionKey);

IUniswapV3Pool(position.poolAddress).mint(
    address(this), //recipient
    position.lowerTick,
    position.upperTick,
    liquidity,
    abi.encode(position.poolFeeAmt)
);

(, , , uint128 tokensOwed0After, uint128 tokensOwed1After) = IUniswapV3Pool(
    position.poolAddress
).positions(position.positionKey);

fee0 += tokensOwed0After - tokensOwed0Before;
fee1 += tokensOwed1After - tokensOwed1Before;

IUniswapV3Pool(position.poolAddress).collect(
    address(this),
    position.lowerTick,
    position.upperTick,
    type(uint128).max,
    type(uint128).max
);
```
It is incorrect because in cases where `tokensOwed0Before > 0` or `tokensOwed1Before` > 0, `fee0` and `fee1` end up being smaller than the collected fees. Consequently, when `_upFeesGrowth` is executed, it will send smaller protocol fees than expected.

Therefore, an attacker can exploit this vulnerability and undermine the protocol fees by minting minuscule amounts to all positions within the Multipool contract. This is possible since anyone can mint for any positions in UniSwapV3 pools (the owner of position is recipient). This causes the fees of each position to be accrued beforehand, resulting in `tokensOwed0Before` and `tokensOwed1Before` becoming close to `tokensOwed0After` and `tokensOwed1After`. Then the majority of protocol fees will be lost (solvent in the reserve).

Scenario:
1. Attacker mints minuscule amounts to all positions within the Multipool contract to accrue fees for these positions.
2. The attacker then calls the `earn()` function to collect and update fees. In this scenario, `tokensOwed0Before` and `tokensOwed1Before` become equal to `tokensOwed0After` and `tokensOwed1After` (withdrawing 0 liquidity). As a result, `fee0` and `fee1` become 0, leading to the loss of these protocol fees.

Similar to `_deposit` function.
## Impact
Protocol will lose its fees.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L509-L536
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L381-L406
## Tool used
Manual review

## Recommendation
`fee0` and `fee1` in `_deposit` and `_withdraw` function should be equal to the collected fee amounts (`tokensOwed0After` and `tokensOwed1After`)