p-tsanev

medium

# Factory.sol#estimateDepositAmounts() - user can be baited by the potential of false amount calculation

## Summary
In Factory.sol the function ``estimateDepositAmounts()`` is supposed to estimate the deposit amounts of token A and B with provided desired values, which are then compared to the optimal values and 2 return amounts are given back. There is a condition upon which the two tokens are swapped, which isn't accounted for just below the swap.
## Vulnerability Detail
On line 227 there is a boolean defined ``aToken`` which checks if the token A provided to the function is the token0 of the multipool and then swaps the desired amounts if the boolean is false. This can cause later on calculations to come out wrong, since the order of arguments passed to functions like _quote() is strictly ``Amout A, Reserve A, Reserve B``, which gets broken upon swapping them.
On line 232 if the boolean swap has been executed then ADesired would be BDesired and vice verca, bringing wrong calculations of the quote.

## Impact
This would not lead to direct loss of funds for the protocol, but it can falsely lead users to depositing the wrong amounts and from there to a potential loss of funds due to volatility.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Factory.sol#L214-L248

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of swapping the desired amounts, validate the 2 tokens in the beginning of the function. 
``address multipool = getmultipool(tokenA, tokenB)`` would return the 0 address, if the 2 tokens are provided the other way around. Just swap them with token0 being the smaller one in the beginning or account for the swap already implemented when calling the _quote function - swap reserve0 and reserve1 aswell as the desired amounts.