bitsurfer

medium

# hardcoded `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` only work (best) for ERC20 Tokens with 6 decimals, other than that it will raise some issue

## Summary

hardcoded `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` only work (best) for ERC20 Tokens with 6 decimals, other than that it will raise some issue

## Vulnerability Detail

Currently the `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` is a constant of 1000_000. This variable is being use to filter out any dust amount, by setting any deposit should be above this value.

This value might be suitable only if the deposit asset is a 6 decimal, like USDC and USDT, thus user should at minimum deposit 1 USDC or USDT.

As stated in Readme:

- Which ERC20 tokens do you expect will interact with the smart contracts?
  > USDC,USDT,WBTC,WETH, other wrapped native tokens, and general ERC20 standart with no deflation/inflation model

The issue arises when users attempt to deposit tokens with decimal places that differ from the protocol's expected decimal precision, such as WBTC (8 decimals), WETH (18 decimals), or tokens with lower decimal places like GUSD (2 decimals).

This leads to challenges in determining the appropriate minimum deposit amount. In the case of WETH, the minimum amount becomes insignificant, while for tokens like GUSD, the minimum amount becomes unreasonably high (e.g., above 10,000 GUSD), which disrupts the intended functioning of the protocol.

```js
File: Multipool.sol
74:     uint256 public constant MINIMUM_AMOUNT = 1000_000;
...
433:     function deposit(
434:         // TODO:  PAUSED + Max CAPS
435:         uint256 amount0Desired,
436:         uint256 amount1Desired,
437:         uint256 amount0Min,
438:         uint256 amount1Min
439:     ) external returns (uint256 lpAmount) {
440:         ErrLib.requirement(
441:             amount0Desired > MINIMUM_AMOUNT && amount1Desired > MINIMUM_AMOUNT,
442:             ErrLib.ErrorCode.AMOUNT_TOO_SMALL
443:         );
```

By considering the specific decimal places of each token, the protocol can determine a minimum deposit amount that is appropriate and realistic for that particular token. This approach ensures that the minimum amount aligns with the token's decimal precision, offering a more accurate and flexible solution for users across different ERC20 tokens.

## Impact

User can deposit dust amount, or they need to deposit unrealistic minimum amount, thus breaking the protocol intention (the minimum is intended to set a least amount, but yet this issue can make user failed to deposit due to high minimum amount)

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L440-L443

See above

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Instead of using a hardcoded minimum amount that applies to all ERC20 tokens, it would be more realistic to dynamically calculate the minimum amount based on the token's decimal precision (or converted value to USD, e.g., using oracle)
