crimson-rat-reach

medium

# [MED] Multipool#MINIMUM_AMOUNT is not suitable for low decimal tokens such as USDC/USDT

## Summary

The constant `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` has been hardcoded to `1_000_000` in the contract. However, this hardcoded value may not be suitable for tokens with low decimal values, such as USDT/USDC, which only have 6 decimals.


## Vulnerability Detail

The hardcoded value of `1_000_000` for `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` assumes that the tokens used in the contract have a higher decimal value. However, when tokens with lower decimal values, such as USDT/USDC (6 decimals), are used, the value of `1_000_000` becomes prohibitively large.


## Impact

The hardcoded `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` could inadvertently prevent certain users from interacting with the contract if they are using low decimal tokens such as USDT/USDC. Since the `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` is set high for these tokens, these users would need a prohibitively large amount of the token to interact with the contract, effectively excluding them from participation.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/82a234a5c2c1fc1921c63265a9349b71d84675c4/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L74C6-L74C6

```solidity

uint256 public constant MINIMUM_AMOUNT = 1000_000;

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend that the MINIMUM_AMOUNT not be hardcoded. Instead, it would be better to set the `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` dynamically based on the decimal value of the token used. Alternatively, `MINIMUM_AMOUNT` could be set relative to the token's decimals on a per-token basis. This would make the contract more flexible and adaptable to different tokens, including those with lower decimal values, and ensure all potential users can interact with the contract.
