duc

high

# Users might lose a significant amount of funds when depositing, as the remaining tokens from minting into the underlying pools are not returned

## Summary
In contract Multipool, the `deposit` function doesn't return the excess tokens from minting into the underlying pools for users, which puts users at risk of incurring significant losses when depositing into the Multipool contract.
## Vulnerability Detail
In the `deposit` function, the amounts of token0 and token1 pulled from the sender and deposited into positions are calculated through optimization based on the ratio of the current `reserve0` and `reserve1` amounts. The LP amounts received by users will be calculated based on these deposited amount.
```solidity=
///https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L459-L466
(amount0Desired, amount1Desired) = _optimizeAmounts(
    amount0Desired,
    amount1Desired,
    amount0Min,
    amount1Min,
    reserve0,
    reserve1
);
uint256 l0 = (amount0Desired * _totalSupply) / reserve0;
uint256 l1 = (amount1Desired * _totalSupply) / reserve1;
lpAmount = l0 < l1 ? l0 : l1; 

...

_deposit(amount0Desired, amount1Desired, _totalSupply, slots);
```
[_optimizeAmounts()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L780-L808)

After that, these tokens will be used to mint into each positions of the strategy in `_deposit` function:
```solidity=
///https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L374-L391
liquidity = _calcLiquidityAmountToDeposit(
    slots[i].currentSqrtRatioX96,
    position,
    amount0Desired,
    amount1Desired
);
if (liquidity > 0) {
    (, , , uint128 tokensOwed0Before, uint128 tokensOwed1Before) = IUniswapV3Pool(
        position.poolAddress
    ).positions(position.positionKey);

    IUniswapV3Pool(position.poolAddress).mint(
        address(this), //recipient
        position.lowerTick,
        position.upperTick,
        liquidity,
        abi.encode(position.poolFeeAmt)
    );
    ...
}
```
However, when minting in UniSwap V3 pools, there is always an excess amount of tokens sent to the contract. The on-chain state of pools are unstable, and the reserve amounts ratio cannot be matched with all positions in the contract. As a result, the `_deposit` function will retain the amounts of token0 and token1 pulled from the sender but will not return them. These funds will remain solvent in the balance of the contract, and users will lose most of this amount because they can only receive a fraction corresponding to the number of their LP tokens.

Scenario:
1. The reserves of the Multipool contract consist of 1 million USDC and 1 million USDT.
2. Alice initiates a deposit of 10,000 USDC and 10,000 USDT, and receive 1% of the LP amounts based on the total supply.
3. Since the state of the pools always fluctuated and the positions can not be completely matched, 1,000 USDC and 2,000 USDT remain after the minting process.
4. Assuming no fees are collected, if Alice withdraws immediately after depositing, she will receive only 9,010 USDC and 8,020 USDT. This is because the remaining amount was solvent into the reserve and Alice only held a 1% share of the LP amounts.
## Impact
Users will experience significant losses of their deposited funds when depositing to Multipool contract
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L459-L481
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L374-L391
## Tool used
Manual review

## Recommendation
The `_deposit` function should accumulate the excess tokens from minting into all positions. And these tokens should be returned to the sender in `deposit` function.