bitsurfer

medium

# `Multipool` use hard-coded assumption that the pool will always have 0.05% fee pool is danger for an edge case

## Summary

`Multipool` use hard-coded assumption that the pool will always have 0.05% fee pool may not work on an edge case

## Vulnerability Detail

In Uniswap v3, by default there are 3 fee tier. Each fee tier represents a separate liquidity pool with its own set of tick values and trading activity. If LPs selects the 1.00% fee pool and no liquidity is provided or trades occur in the 0.05% fee pool, then accessing the "tickCumulatives" for the 0.05% fee pool would not return any meaningful or up-to-date values.

The `tickCumulatives` values are specific to each liquidity pool and are updated based on the trading activity within that pool. If a pool has no liquidity provided or no trades executed, the tickCumulatives values for that pool will remain unchanged or may not be available.

Therefore, if no liquidity is present or no trading activity occurs in the 0.05% fee pool, accessing its `tickCumulatives` may not return meaningful data or may not return any values at all.

The issue arise when calling `rebalanceAll`, there is a call to `getAmountOut`.

```js
File: Multipool.sol
816:     function getAmountOut(
817:         bool zeroForOne,
818:         uint256 amountIn
819:     ) public view returns (uint256 swappedOut) {
...
823:         (int56[] memory tickCumulatives, ) = IUniswapV3Pool(underlyingTrustedPools[500].poolAddress)
824:             .observe(secondsAgo);
...
838:     }
...
845:     function rebalanceAll(RebalanceParams calldata params) external nonReentrant {
...
875:         uint256 swappedOut = getAmountOut(params.zeroForOne, amountIn);
876:         if (amountOut < swappedOut) {
877:             ErrLib.requirement(
878:                 (swappedOut * maxTwapDeviation) / MAX_WEIGHT_UINT256 >= swappedOut - amountOut,
879:                 ErrLib.ErrorCode.PRICE_SLIPPAGE_CHECK
880:             );
881:         }
...
888:     }
```

In `Multipool.sol#L823`, the pool is hardcoded to fetch the 0.05% fee-pool for consuming the `tickCumulatives`. As explained previously ,this may not return meaningful data or may not return any values at all. This will return unexpected result to the calling function (`rebalanceAll`).

In nature, stable coin pool will have a lot of LPs or liquidity on 0.05% pool, while the exotic pair will prefer to have liquidity on the higher fee pools. A case where exotic pair lack of activity in the 0.05% pool is a possible one.

## Impact

`rebalanceAll` might revert or return unexpected result when the 0.05% pool is lack of activity or liquidity because of hard-coded pool of 0.05% is being used.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L823-L824

See above

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Need to check if the selected pool contains valid liquidity and activity, rather than just assume the 0.05% fee-pool will always filled. Or it's better to select the most liquid fee-pool to calculate the `tickCumulatives`
