crimson-rat-reach

medium

# [MED] Multipool#getAmountOut has a hardcoded feeTier which can cause the function to revert

## Summary

In the Multipool#getAmountOut function, the `feeTier` has been hardcoded as `500`. If a poolAddress for that specific `feeTier` doesn't exist, the whole function will revert.

## Vulnerability Detail

The code in question below has the `feeTier` hardcoded to `500`, which could lead to a scenario where the pool at index 500 does not exist, leading to an attempted read of an empty address. This causes the function to revert. It could also limit the function's usefulness, as it can't interact with other pools in the `underlyingTrustedPools` array. 

## Impact

The hardcoding of the `feeTier` limits the flexibility and robustness of the `getAmountOut` function. If the pool at index 500 does not exist or is not the desired pool for interaction, the function will fail or give inappropriate results. This could affect any functionality in the contract that relies on this function.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/82a234a5c2c1fc1921c63265a9349b71d84675c4/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L823

```solidity 

(int56[] memory tickCumulatives, ) = IUniswapV3Pool(underlyingTrustedPools[500].poolAddress).observe(secondsAgo);

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

We recommend removing the hardcoding of the `feeTier` value. Instead, this value should be passed as a parameter to the getAmountOut function. This would allow the function to interact with any pool in the `underlyingTrustedPools` array, increasing the flexibility of the function and ensuring it won't fail if the pool at index 500 does not exist. It is also important to ensure proper validation of the `feeTier` input to avoid invalid index access.
