OxZ00mer

high

# The rebalanceAll function can experience severe slippage due to bad calculation

## Summary
The **`rebalanceAll`** function can experience severe slippage due to how the **`getAmountOut`** function calculates the appropriate amount of slippage with only the 0.05% pool's average TWAP price.

## Vulnerability Detail
The **`rebalanceAll`** function called to rebalance and re-invest the funds of the protocol calls the **`getAmountOut`** to check for whether the slippage was acceptable.
The issue arises in the **`getAmountOut`** because it gets the average swap price of only the 0.05% Uniswap V3 pool. This is a very big issue as the 0.05% pool can have very low liquidity compared to the 0.3% and 1% pools.

```js
 // @audit the specific pool is hardcoded:
 (int56[] memory tickCumulatives, ) =  IUniswapV3Pool(underlyingTrustedPools[500].poolAddress)
```
 
 ```js
 // @audit Here the check makes sure the amoutOut is more than the prediction from the **`getAmountOut`** function
 // @audit If swappedOut is wrong and very offset from reality the execution will simply continue.
 if (amountOut < swappedOut) {
 // @audit it will not enter here:
     ErrLib.requirement(
      (swappedOut * maxTwapDeviation) / MAX_WEIGHT_UINT256 >= swappedOut - amountOut,
          ErrLib.ErrorCode.PRICE_SLIPPAGE_CHECK
      );
 }
 ```

This can lead to two things:

 1. The pool can experience some very bad slippage due to the outdated and stale price that this underfunded pool will give.
 2. A malicious user may simply front-run the transaction and offset the price of the pool even more by depositing a very unbalanced amount of the two tokens.
 3. The 0.05% pool may not even be available for the specific m
multipool leading to an unexpected revert.

## Impact
This will potentially result in the multipool incurring big losses due to badly accounted-for slippage.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L823-L824

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi/blob/main/concentrator/contracts/Multipool.sol#L875-L881

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider getting the median value of all of the trusted Uniswap V3 pools for the specific multipool to make sure slippage is minimal.

